Variables: 
    A variable is a value that can change depending on the situations or conditions passed by 
    the user in the program.

Types of Variables:
    There are 4 types of variables are There

They are 
    1. Local Variables
    2. Instance Variables
    3. Class Variables
    4. Global Variables

1. Local Variables: A local variable is accessible only in the block of its initialization.They are not 
            available outside the block. It is denoted with small letters or starting with under score.

2. Instance Variables: Instance variables are available across methods for any specified instance or 
            object i.e. instance variables can change from object to object. There is no need to 
            initialize the instance variables and uninitialized instance variable always contains a nil 
            value. It is started with @ symbol.

3. Class Variables: A class variable belongs to the class and it is a characteristic of a class. They 
            need to be initialized before use. It is started with @@ symbol.

4. Global Variables:  A global variable name always starts with $. Class variables are not available 
            across classes. If you want to have a single variable, which is available across classes, 
            you need to define a global variable. Its scope is global, means it can be accessed from 
            anywhere in a program. By default, an uninitialized global variable has a nil value and its 
            use can cause the programs to be cryptic and complex.

Data Type: 
    A data type is a characteristic of a variable that determines what kind of data it can hold and 
    how a computer system should interpret its value. Data types are used to ensure that data is 
    collected in the correct format and that the value of each property is as expected.

Types of Datatypes:
    Some types of datatypes are as below

    1.Number
    2.Boolean
    3.String 
    4.Constant

1.Number:
    A Number data type agian split as Floating Point Number and Integer.
    
    Floating Point Number:
        The floating point numbers are object of class Float, they are the decimal values.
        Ex: 7.6, 3.0 etc.,

    Integer:
        The Integers are object of class Fixnum or Bignum, they are the exact values,
        Ex: 3,5,76 etc.,

2.Boolean:
    The data type Boolean is the only one bit of information either True or False.

3.String:
    A data type String is the text or sequence of characters including letters, special 
    characters,numbers and spaces etc., enclosed in quatation marks.

4.Constant:
    A constant is a fixed value, it starts with a capital letter. They can only be defined 
    outside of methods. Constants are used for values that aren’t supposed to change, 
    but Ruby doesn’t prevent you from changing them.

