How many types of variables?

 Local Variables   : Local variables in Ruby start with a lowercase letter or an underscore (_).
                     Local variables are the most common type of variables. 
                     They are only accessible within the scope they are defined in. 
                     The scope could be a method, a block, or a loop. Once the scope is exited, the variables no longer accessible.
 
 Instance Variables : Instance variables in Ruby start with an at sign @.
                      Instance variables are associated with a specific object and can be accessed from any method within the object's class. 
                      They are useful for sharing data between different methods of the same object.

 Class variables    : Class variables in Ruby start with two at signs @@.
                      Class variables are associated with a class and can be shared between all objects of that class. 
                      They are useful for storing data that is common to all objects of a class.

 Global variables   : Global variables in Ruby start with a dollar sign ($).
                      Global variables are accessible from any part of your program, including within classes and methods. 
                      They should be used sparingly, as they can lead to code that is hard to understand and maintain.

What is Boolean?
  A Boolean is a value used in a logic statement to say if something is considered true or false. 
  This can be used to make decisions. In Ruby we don’t have a Boolean class, but we have Boolean objects! We have true & false. 
  Which are the singleton objects of True Class & False Class.

What is constants?

 A constant is a type of variable which always starts with a capital letter. 
 They can only be defined outside of methods, unless you use metaprogramming.
 Constants are used for values that aren’t supposed to change, but Ruby doesn’t prevent you from changing them.
 A constant doesn’t require any special symbol or syntax to declare. You just need to make the first letter an uppercase letter.

What is String?
 
 In Ruby, string is a sequence of one or more characters. It may consist of numbers, letters, or symbols. 
 Here strings are the objects, and apart from other languages, strings are mutable, i.e. strings can be changed in place instead of creating new strings. String’s   
 object holds and manipulates an arbitrary sequence of the bytes that commonly represents a sequence of characters.

Creating Strings: To create the string, just put the sequence of characters either in double quotes or single quotes. 
                  Also, the user can store the string into some variable. In Ruby, there is no need to specify the data type of the variable.
 
What is Integers and Floating point numbers ?

 Integers             : An integer is simply a sequence of digits, e.g., 12, 100. Or in other words, numbers without decimal points are called Integers. 
                        In Ruby, Integers are object of class Fixnum(32 or 64 bits) or Bignum(used for bigger numbers).
Floating-point numbers: Numbers with decimal points are usually called floats, e.g., 1.2, 10.0. 
                        The floating-point numbers are object of class Float.



