What is Boolean?
  A Boolean is a value used in a logic statement to say if something is considered true or false. 
  This can be used to make decisions. In Ruby we don’t have a Boolean class, but we have Boolean objects! We have true & false. 
  Which are the singleton objects of True Class & False Class.

What is constants?

 A constant is a type of variable which always starts with a capital letter. 
 They can only be defined outside of methods, unless you use metaprogramming.
 Constants are used for values that aren’t supposed to change, but Ruby doesn’t prevent you from changing them.
 A constant doesn’t require any special symbol or syntax to declare. You just need to make the first letter an uppercase letter.

What is String?
 
 In Ruby, string is a sequence of one or more characters. It may consist of numbers, letters, or symbols. 
 Here strings are the objects, and apart from other languages, strings are mutable, i.e. strings can be changed in place instead of creating new strings. String’s   
 object holds and manipulates an arbitrary sequence of the bytes that commonly represents a sequence of characters.

Creating Strings: To create the string, just put the sequence of characters either in double quotes or single quotes. 
                  Also, the user can store the string into some variable. In Ruby, there is no need to specify the data type of the variable.
 
What is Integers and Floating point numbers ?

 Integers             : An integer is simply a sequence of digits, e.g., 12, 100. Or in other words, numbers without decimal points are called Integers. 
                        In Ruby, Integers are object of class Fixnum(32 or 64 bits) or Bignum(used for bigger numbers).
Floating-point numbers: Numbers with decimal points are usually called floats, e.g., 1.2, 10.0. 
                        The floating-point numbers are object of class Float.


     Variables: 
    A variable is a value that can change depending on the situations or conditions passed by 
    the user in the program.

Types of Variables:
    There are 4 types of variables are There

They are 
    1. Local Variables
    2. Instance Variables
    3. Class Variables
    4. Global Variables

1. Local Variables: A local variable is accessible only in the block of its initialization.They are not 
            available outside the block. It is denoted with small letters or starting with under score.

2. Instance Variables: Instance variables are available across methods for any specified instance or 
            object i.e. instance variables can change from object to object. There is no need to 
            initialize the instance variables and uninitialized instance variable always contains a nil 
            value. It is started with @ symbol.

3. Class Variables: A class variable belongs to the class and it is a characteristic of a class. They 
            need to be initialized before use. It is started with @@ symbol.

4. Global Variables:  A global variable name always starts with $. Class variables are not available 
            across classes. If you want to have a single variable, which is available across classes, 
            you need to define a global variable. Its scope is global, means it can be accessed from 
            anywhere in a program. By default, an uninitialized global variable has a nil value and its 
            use can cause the programs to be cryptic and complex.

Data Type: 
    A data type is a characteristic of a variable that determines what kind of data it can hold and 
    how a computer system should interpret its value. Data types are used to ensure that data is 
    collected in the correct format and that the value of each property is as expected.

Types of Datatypes:
    Some types of datatypes are as below

    1.Number
    2.Boolean
    3.String 
    4.Constant