1.What is Git?
    Git is DevOps tool used for source code management. It is a free and open-source Version Control System(VCS) used to handle small to
    large projects effectively.

2.What is difference between Git and GitHub?
    *Git is a version control system that lets us manage and keep track of our source code history.
    *GitHub is cloud-based hosting service that lets us manage Git repositories.
        If we have open-source projects that use Git, then GitHub is designed to help us better manage them.

3.Briefly explain about Git Life Cycle?
    1.Clone the code in the remote repository to make our own local repository.
    2.Edit the files that have cloned in our local repository and make the necessary changes in it.
    3.Commit our changes by first adding them to our staging area and committing them with a commit message.
    4.We have to check whether there are any of the changes done in the remote repository by some other users and we first pull that 
      changes. 
    5.If there are no changes then Push the changes to the remote repository.

4.What are the three states/stages of the Git Architecture and briefly explain them?
    1.Working Directory: It is the current state of our files, 'Git Init' is the command used to initialize the directory.
    2.Staging Area: It is the place where different versions of our files are stored, 'Git add' command is used to copy the files from
                    working directory to staging area.
    3.Git Directory: The files which are in staging area will move to Git Repository after commit is fired.
        
5.What are the changes recorded to the repository?
    The files in working directory are 'Tracked' or 'Untracked'

    Tracked:
        The files that were in the last snapshot, newly staged files and can be modified or unmodified or staged. Git knows about the 
        tracked files. 

    Untracked:
        The files which are not in our last snapshot and not in staging area in working directory.

    Note:
        *When you first clone a repository, all of our files will be tracked and unmodified.
        *if we edit files, then Git sees them as modified because we have changed them since last commit.

6.What is git repository?
    A Repository is a file structure, where git stores all the project based files.
    it can either stores the files on the local or remote repository.

7.What does git clone do?
    The command creates a copy.

8.What is a conflict?
    git usually handles merges automatically but sometimes while working in a team,there might be cases of conflicts such as.
    when two separate branches have changes to the same line in a file
  
9.What are the three types of branching in git?
  feature
  release
  hotfix

10.How to create branch?
    git checkout -b branchname


11 what is git 
    git is a devops tool used for source code management,it is a free and open source version control system used to handle small to very large projects efficiently

12 If you dont create a branch what are the problems you are facing
    1.simultaneas changes
    2.overwriting changes
    3.conflicting changes
    4.manual conflict changes

13 How many types of branches
    1.Feature branch
    2.Release branch
    3.Hotfix

14 What is the use of git branch command
    It lists all the branches in repositery

15.what is the use of git status command
    The main tool you use to determine which file are in which state

16.What is git?
    Git is version control system. 

17.what is repository ?
    Repository is a file structure where git files are stores all the project based files.

18.How to create branch ?
    git checkout -b branch name.

19.What is remote repository and local repository?
    Remote repository are hosted on servers that is accessable to all team members on internet.Local repository resides on computers of team members.

20.How to commit changes?
    git commit -m "filename"
    what is git full form?
    global information tracker