Decision-Making Statements in Ruby: Four types --

 if statement      : If statement in Ruby is used to decide whether a certain statement or block of statements will be executed or not 
                     i.e. if a certain condition is true then a block of statement is executed otherwise not.

 if-else statement : In this ‘if’ statement used to execute block of code when the condition is true and ‘else’ statement is used to execute a block of code when the        
                     condition is false.

 If – elsif – else : Here, a user can decide among multiple options. ‘if’ statements are executed from the top down. As soon as one of the conditions controlling the         
                    ‘if’ is true, the statement associated with that ‘if’ is executed, and the rest of the ladder is bypassed. 
                     If none of the conditions is true, then the final else statement will be executed.

Ternary Statement  : In Ruby ternary statement is also termed as the shortened if statement. 
                     It will first evaluate the expression for true or false value and then execute one of the statements. 
                     If the expression is true, then the true statement is executed else false statement will get executed.

Case Statement ?

 The case statement is a multiway branch statement just like a switch statement in other languages. 
 It provides an easy way to forward execution to different parts of code based on the value of the expression.

 There are 3 important keywords which are used in the case statement:

 case: It is similar to the switch keyword in another programming languages. It takes the variables that will be used by when keyword.
 when: It is similar to the case keyword in another programming languages. It is used to match a single condition. 
       There can be multiple when statements into a single      case statement.
 else: It is similar to the default keyword in another programming languages. It is optional and will execute when nothing matches.

Loops ?

 Looping is a fundamental concept in programming that allows for the repeated execution of a block of code based on a condition. 
 Ruby, being a flexible and dynamic   language, provides various types of loops that can be used to handle condition-based iterations. 
 These loops simplify tasks that require repetitive actions in a program.

 The main types of loops in Ruby are:

 1. while Loop
 2. for Loop
 3. do..while Loop
 4. until Loop