git: 
  
  git is a devops tool used for source code management.
  it is a free and open-source version control system used to handle small to very large projects efficiently
  git is used to tracking changes in the source code

git life cycle:
  
  you clone the git repository as a working copy.
  you modify the working copy by adding/editing files.
  if necessary, you also update the working copy by taking other developers changes.
  you review the changes before commit.
  you commit changes.if everything is fine,then you push the changes to the repository.
  after commiting, if you realize something is wrong, then you correct the last commit and push the the changes to repository.

reading changes to the repository:

  each file in your working directory can be in one of two states: tracked or un tracked.
  tracked files are files that were in the last snapshot, as well as any newly staged files; they can be un modified, modifies, or staged.
  tracked files are files that git knows about.

checking the status of your files:

  the main tool you use to determine which files are in which state is the " git status" command.
  Ex:-$ git status
  on branch master
  your branch is up-to-date with 'origin/master'.
  noting to commit,working tree clean

what is remote and local repository:

  local repository reside on the computers of team members.
  the entire work of git is based on this repository, it tracks the history and safeguards it.
  you can commit your changes into your repository directly, using the command: git commit -m


what is meant by staging changes:

  in git, just because a file was modified doesnt mean it will be automatically included in the next commit.
  instead, you have to tell git explicity which of you modifications shall be part of the next commit.
  this is done by adding a changes to the staging area.


  commands:

   git branch: it lists all the branches in the repository

   git checkout . : it reverts modifications to files andbrings the working directory back to the state of thelastcommit. the dot(,) refers to current directory.

   git checkout branch_name : this commandis used to switch to an existing branch in the repository. in allows you to work on the code contained within that specific branch.


types of branches-

 feature
 release
 hotfix